Add error handling method to GetFailedTasks output (#38675)
demisto/content: Packs/IntegrationsAndIncidentsHealthCheck/ReleaseNotes/1_3_30.md

#### Scripts

##### GetFailedTasks

> Add output field "Error Handling" containing the error handling method used in the failed tasks (e.g. continue on error, stop playbook)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the output field 'Error Handling', which contains the error handling method used in failed tasks (e.g., continue on error, stop playbook).
```

> Add output field "Error Handling" containing the error handling method used in the failed tasks (e.g. continue on error, stop playbook)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add output field "Error Handling" containing the error handling method used in the failed tasks (e.g., continue on error, stop playbook)
```

> Add output field "Error Handling" containing the error handling method used in the failed tasks (e.g., continue on error, stop playbook)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an output field "Error Handling" containing the error handling method used in the failed tasks (e.g., continue on error, stop playbook)
```
